PX-Backup docs (#1)
portworx/pxdocs-backup: content/Use PX-Backup/backup-restore/restore-backup.md

    
    * **Name**: name your restore object. You’ll use this to identify the restore operation in the PX-Central UI.
    * **Destination cluster**: select the cluster you want to restore your backup to. This can be a different cluster from where the backup occurred.
    * **Default or Custom restore**: 
        <!-- Custom restore allows the user to map the namespaces between their source and destination cluster. They can choose to restore it to a new namespace (different from the source cluster) -->
        * Under a default restore, PX-Backup restores backups to the same namespace they were taken from
        * You can deselect source namespaces using the checkbox on the left. If you deselect a namespace, content from that namespace will not be restored. 
    * **Dest namespace**: specify a namespace on the target cluster you want to restore this backup to
    * **Replace existing resources**: replaces any matching existing resources with the content from this backup. Note that this does not replace any existing resources on other namespaces.

    ![](/img/restore-custom.png)

## Search for set of backups based on dates and restore from them

> 1. From the PX-Central home page, select the **Backup** button for the cluster you want to back up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the PX-Central home page, select the **Backup** button for the cluster you want to restore from:
```

    ![](/img/select-backup.png)

> 2. Select the **Backups** tab:

Reviewer: No screenshot?

3. Select the calendar icon in the upper left portion of the page:

    ![](/img/select-date.png)

> 4. Define a range of backups you want to see. The list of available backups will filter on this date range:

Reviewer: ditto

> 5. Select the vertical menu icon from the successful backup you wish to restore, followed by the **Restore** option.

Reviewer: ditto

> 6. From the dialog box, specify the following:

Reviewer: ditto
